Update packaging-and-publishing.mdx (#15)
ResoniteModding/Docs: src/content/docs/creating-a-mod/packaging-and-publishing.mdx

[package]
namespace = "AuthorName" # Your Thunderstore team name
name = "ProjectName" # Your mod's name (no spaces/special chars)

> versionNumber = "1.0.0" # Version, only read when manually using tcil. otherwise the version from your .csproj is used.

Reviewer: typo and maybe more explicit?

```suggestion
versionNumber = "1.0.0" # Version, only read when manually using tcli. otherwise the version from your .csproj is used with PackTS
```

Author: I dont think this is true tho... In my experience PackTS uses the version from the config, PackTS_Execute uses the version from my csproj

Reviewer: https://github.com/ResoniteModding/BepInEx.Templates/blob/44f224f54cd5af5c2cee20e89260f7bac4d688e1/BepInEx.Templates/templates/BepInEx6.PluginTemplate.Resonite/Directory.Build.targets#L18
